
git clone
git diff
git log
ls -a (show list of files (-a)all of them)

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Concept Map: init, add, staging area

We’ve introduced a few new concepts since we last revisited our concept map.

git init
git add
git status
staging area
working directory
Previous Version

Remember our concept map from last lesson? Here’s what it looked like the last time we added a new concept.

Concept Map from last time

Where Do the New Concepts Go?

Here’s the structure we’ve come up with for how to add these new concepts in to the map. Which concept belongs where?

Concept Map with blanks

In the following quiz, write in the concept that you think belongs in each new empty node.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

How to write a commit message

You're about to make your first commit to your reflections repository. When you do this, you'll need to write a commit message describing your changes. If you followed the instructions in the "Setting Up Your Workspace" video for your platform near the end of Lesson 1, the editor you chose will appear as soon as you run git commit and allow you to write a commit message. If you get an error message, you should try revisiting the instructions in Lesson 1 and make sure your text editor is set up properly.

You can also specify a commit message via the command line by running git commit -m "Commit message" instead of just git commit. It's still a good idea to get an editor set up, since this will make it easier to write long commit messages that fully describe the change.

Commit message style

While commit message style varies from person to person, this style guide describes some common best practices when writing commit messages.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Udacity Git Commit Message Style Guide
Introduction
This style guide acts as the official guide to follow in your projects. Udacity evaluators will use this guide to grade your projects. There are many opinions on the "ideal" style in the world of development. Therefore, in order to reduce the confusion on what style students should follow during the course of their projects, we urge all students to refer to this style guide for their projects.

Commit Messages
Message Structure
A commit messages consists of three distinct parts separated by a blank line: the title, an optional body and an optional footer. The layout looks like this:

type: subject

body

footer
The title consists of the type of the message and subject.

The Type
The type is contained within the title and can be one of these types:

feat: a new feature
fix: a bug fix
docs: changes to documentation
style: formatting, missing semi colons, etc; no code change
refactor: refactoring production code
test: adding tests, refactoring test; no production code change
chore: updating build tasks, package manager configs, etc; no production code change
The Subject
Subjects should be no greater than 50 characters, should begin with a capital letter and do not end with a period.

Use an imperative tone to describe what a commit does, rather than what it did. For example, use change; not changed or changes.

The Body
Not all commits are complex enough to warrant a body, therefore it is optional and only used when a commit requires a bit of explanation and context. Use the body to explain the what and why of a commit, not the how.

When writing a body, the blank line between the title and the body is required and you should limit the length of each line to no more than 72 characters.

The Footer
The footer is optional and is used to reference issue tracker IDs.

Example Commit Message
feat: Summarize changes in around 50 characters or less

More detailed explanatory text, if necessary. Wrap it to about 72
characters or so. In some contexts, the first line is treated as the
subject of the commit and the rest of the text as the body. The
blank line separating the summary from the body is critical (unless
you omit the body entirely); various tools like `log`, `shortlog`
and `rebase` can get confused if you run the two together.

Explain the problem that this commit is solving. Focus on why you
are making this change as opposed to how (the code explains that).
Are there side effects or other unintuitive consequenses of this
change? Here's the place to explain them.

Further paragraphs come after blank lines.

 - Bullet points are okay, too

 - Typically a hyphen or asterisk is used for the bullet, preceded
   by a single space, with blank lines in between, but conventions
   vary here

If you use an issue tracker, put references to them at the bottom,
like this:

Resolves: #123
See also: #456, #789